---
layout: post
title:  "Reflections on 2022"
date:   2023-01-11 00:56:16 +0530
categories: jekyll update
---

I have always wanted to keep a personal blog and have tried multiple times but I have never been consistent. This is again a try to keep the ball rolling. I do enjoy writing but feelings always take priority over discipline but hoping to fix this in 2023. 

2022 had been great year. Did a bunch of things on various fronts. 

## Work 
- Switched job (Currently working at Zeta)
- Have fixed my attitude towards job. So killing it at the job. 

Thats it about work. Hopefully I will have a lot more to say next year. 

## Travel 
The book [Die with Zero][Die with Zero] has changed my perspective 360 degrees. Its a must read for everyone and if you dont have the time, here is the [summary][summary]. 
- Feb 2022
    - Travelled to Dubai for 10 days. Amazing place. 
    - Did [Skydiving][Skydiving].
<br/><br/>
- March 2022 
    - Went to Bangalore. 
    - Road trip to Coorg. 
<br/><br/>
- May 
    - Moved to Bangalore 
<br/><br/>
- June 2022
    - Road trip to Chikmagalur.
<br/><br/>
- July 2022
    - Road trip to Hyderabad. 
<br/><br/>
- August 2022
    - Trip to Madurai and Rameshwaram with in-laws. 
<br/><br/>
- September 2022
    - Ladakh for 7 days. 
    - Took part in Ladakh Marathon. (5K and 10K)
<br/><br/>
- October 2022
    - Road trip to Mussorie. 
<br/><br/>
- December 2022
    - Road trip to Mysore with Parents
    - 2800 kms on road from Delhi to Bangalore. This was one of the most beautiful experiences I have had. 


## Workout 
- Workout took a backseat when I was in Delhi from Jan to July. 
- Had been consistent with workout after that. 
- Got a personal trainer last November. The best investment I have ever made. 
- Want to do a muscle up in 2023. 

## Running 
- Got a bit more consistent with running in 2022. 
- Took part in Bengaluru TCS 10K. 
- Took part in VDHM 10K. 
- 5K in Ladakh.
- 10K in Ladakh.
- I think registering for events is a very nice way of being consistent and keeps you in check. 
- Hit my personal best Resting Heart rate of 51 bpm. 

    
[Die with Zero]: https://www.amazon.in/Die-Zero-Getting-Your-Money/dp/0358099765
[summary]: https://lalitdudheria.substack.com/p/i-want-to-die-with-zero
[Skydiving]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0um82uEMtU&ab_channel=LalitDudheria  