---
layout: post
title:  "Road Trip from Delhi to Bangalore"
date:   2023-01-22 00:56:16 +0530
categories: jekyll update
---

I had my car in Delhi and my wife and I finally decided to take it to Bangalore. I did not want to transport it and we decided to drive thinking it would and guess what!! we were right, it was extremely fun and adventurous. This wont be a detailed blog post but will be summarizing the trip in bullet points. We planned the trip for 6 days and kept a buffer of 2 days. We took a total of 7 days to reach Bangalore. 

# Day 1 (25th Dec)
- Began at 7 am from Delhi. 
- Had a friend who accompanied us till Jaipur. 
- Stopped at Highway King for breakfast on the way. Nice food. 
- Reached Jaipur around 1. 
- Had Lunch at Townsend Cafe. Nice place and ambience. 
- Stayed at a relative's place. 
- Had dinner at Skybeach restaurant. Great place. 

# Day 2 (26th Dec)
- Had breakfast at Gulab ji. The chai and bun maska were amazing. 
- Left for Udaipur by 9. 
- The road to Udaipur was fantastic. 
- Stayed at Treebo Tryst Belleve Vue. Nice place and the breakfast was good. 
- Did some shopping at the local market in the evening. 
- Went to Ambrai for Dinner. Its a must try. The view, the food, the ambience. Everything was just perfect. 

# Day 3 (27th Dec)
- Left for Statue of Unity. 
- The roads after entering Gujrat were even better. 
- Had a lunch at a Hotel Atithi. The khichi was good. 
- Went to Poicha temple. The aarti and the vibe was wonderful in the evening. 
- Had our tyre punctured just 20 mins before reaching Statue of Unity. The shops were open so got it fixed immediately. 
- Reached Unity around 9 PM, since the Unity was closed now so just had dinner. 
- Stayed at Maharaja rooms. Not good. Expensive and no breakfast. 

# Day 4 (28th Dec)
- Went to see Statue of Unity. I never thought I would use this word for something but I was flabbergasted. Do visit it if you get a chance. Words cannot do justice. 
- Left for Mumbai. 
- Had lunch at hotel Fountain on the way. Nice place. Khichdi and boondi raita was awesome. 
- Reached Mumbai around 9 PM.
- Had dinner at Pizza by the Bay. I love pizzas and the place had great pizzas. (Do try ice cream at K rustoms, it is near the pizza place.)
- Booked a room at hotel sea grand, it was near Gateway of India. 

# Day 5 (29th Dec)
- Enjoyed Gateway of India in the morning. 
- Had breakfast at Leopold Cafe. 
- Did some shopping in the Colaba market. 
- Got some brownies from Theobroma (obviously)
- Left for Kohlapur but decided to stay at Pune as I was not feeling it. 
- Stayed at Grand Tamanna in Pune. Nice place. 

# Day 6 (30th Dec)
- The breakfast at Grand Tamanna was good. 
- Left for Hubli at around 9 AM. 
- Had lunch at Hotel Yuvraj on the way. It was good. 
- Entered Karnataka and the roads were just fantastic. 
- Reached Hubli around 5 PM. 


# Day 7 (31th Dec)
- Had breakfast and left for Bangalore at 8 AM. 
- Reached Bangalore at 1 PM but reached our place at 3 PM because of traffic. 
- Had lunch and slept like a baby for 2 hours. 
- Woke up happy and with a smile that we did it. :)

# SUMMARY 

- Route: Delhi -> Jaipur -> Udaipur -> Statue of Unity -> Bombay -> Pune -> Hubli -> Bangalore
- So after 7 days, crossing 5 states, travelling 2800 kms, listening to 1000s of songs and creating a million memories, we were finally back home. 
- Song of the Trip: Ghodey pe Sawaar by Amit Trivedi. 
- Food of the trip: Khichdi and Pizza. 
- Cost of the Trip: Rs 55000/- (approx)(including fuel charges - Rs. 17500)

# POW 
- Checkout the highlights on this [instagram account][account]

[account]: https://instagram.com/dance_barefeet?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=
